ConFoo 2011 Call for speakers
#############################
:date: 2010-10-06 20:59
:category: Montréal Python

We are the coordinators of the Python track at ConFoo 2011 and we are
very proud to announce our call for speakers. PHP-Québec,
Montréal-Python, Montreal.rb, W3Qc, and OWASP Montréal are organizing
the second edition of the ConFoo conference, which will be held in
Montréal on March 9th through 11th at the Hilton Bonaventure Hotel. With
over 500 expected attendees, ConFoo is one of the largest Web
development conference in North America. ConFoo is about the Web, but
it's also about showcasing the strengths of different technologies. Do
you think that Python beats all the other languages out there for Web
development? Do you think that Montréal Python knocks .NET Montréal's
socks off? Come and tell us why! Sessions are one hour long and you can
present in French or in English, which ever your prefer. Submissions are
due for November 26; for more details, visit the ConFoo website:
`http://confoo.ca/en/call-for-papers`_ By the way, we are perfectly
aware that there is a slight clash with PyCon. You should not worry
about that since all Python talks will happen before Friday, giving you
plenty of time for the commute towards Atlanta. Share the word!

.. raw:: html

   <div>

Nous sommes en charge de la track Python pour ConFoo 2011, et nous
sommes très fiers d'annoncer notre appel aux présentateurs.

PHP-Québec, Montréal-Python, Montreal.rb, W3Qc, et OWASP Montréal
organisent ensembles la deuxième édition de la conférence ConFoo, qui se
tiendra a Montréal du 9 au 11 mars au l'hotel Hilton Bonaventure. Avec
plus de 500 visiteurs attendus, ConFoo est une des plus grandes
conférences de développement Web en Amérique du Nord.

ConFoo se concentre sur le Web, mais c'est aussi l'occasion de montrer
les forces de différentes technologies. Pensez-vous que Python bat tous
les autres languages de développement Web? Est-ce vous pensez que
Montréal Python mène une longueur d'avance sur .NET Montréal? Venez et
expliquez nous pourquoi!

Les sessions durent une heure, et vous pouvez présenter en Français ou
en Anglais, selon votre préférence. Les soumissions doivent être placées
avant le 26 novembre; pour plus de détails, visitez le site de ConFoo:

`http://confoo.ca/fr/call-for-papers`_

En passant, nous sommes au courant qu'il y a un petit conflit avec
PyCon. Vous ne devriez pas vous en inquieter puisque toutes les
présentations Python auront lieu avant vendredi, ce qui vous laissera
amplement le temps de vous rendre à Atlanta.

Passez le mot!

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </p>

.. _`http://confoo.ca/en/call-for-papers`: http://confoo.ca/en/call-for-papers
.. _`http://confoo.ca/fr/call-for-papers`: http://confoo.ca/fr/call-for-papers
