Title: Next Montréal
Date: 2010-09-01 09:21
Category: Montréal Python

<!--:en-->The technology scene of Montréal is a very vibrant one. With
groups such as our selves, OWASP, JS-Montreal, Montreal.rb, and
PHP-Québec; with events such as WordCamp, PodCamp, Startup Drinks, and
Startup Camp; you end up with weeks during which all your evenings are
booked before lunch time on Monday. Yet, it also happens that you have a
guest in town and that you want to show then how active you city is
without knowing where exactly you should take him to. Fortunately, some
members of the community decided to take the matter in their own hands
and to expose for all to see what is going on with the tech and startup
scene here in Montréal. [Next Montréal][] is a blog featuring news and
opinion from the Web, mobile, and gaming communities. The site is
piloted by a [handful of Montréal entrepreneurs][], engaging us with
interviews with the local players and giving us a good feel for who's
working on what and what's the next big thing. Beyond interviews, Next
Montréal brings together the community by posting job opportunities and
a calendar of events. Next Montréal is a great initiative and we hope to
see more Python project [featured there][].<!--:--><!--:fr-->La scène
techno de Montréal est des plus active. Avec de groupes tels que le
notre, OWASP, JS-Montreal, Montreal.rb, et PHP-Québec; avec des
événements comme WordCamp, PodCamp, Startup Drinks, et Startup camp; on
se retrouve avec des semaine où toutes nos soirées sont occupés. Hélas,
il arrive aussi qu'on reçoive un invité en ville et qu'on veuille lui
présenter le dynamisme de notre communauté sans savoir où l'emmener.
Heureusement, des membres de la communauté ont décidé de prendre la
situation en main et de nous montrer ce qui se passe dans le monde des
startups et des technologies à Montréal. [Next Montréal][] est un blogue
sur les communautés des technos Web, mobile, et du jeux vidéo. Le site
est piloté par [un groupe d'entrepreneurs Montréalais][handful of
Montréal entrepreneurs] qui nous tiens en haleine avec des entrevues
avec des joueurs locaux et avec une bonne couverture sur qui se trame et
sur ce qui sera la prochaine grande percée. En plus des entrevues, Next
Montréal rassemble la communauté avec des offres d'emploi et un
calendrier d'événements. Next Montréal est une excellente initiative et
nous espérons voir plus de projets en Python [dans leurs
chroniques][featured there].<!--:-->

  [Next Montréal]: http://nextmontreal.com
  [handful of Montréal entrepreneurs]: http://nextmontreal.com/team/
  [featured there]: http://nextmontreal.com/tag/python/
