Title: Sprints: New Location
Date: 2010-09-09 16:58
Category: Django, Montréal Python, Packaging, Sprints

<!--:en-->One of the great thing with a booming city like Montréal is
that we get dynamic companies such as Google improving the synergy of
our community by hosting our sprints in bigger rooms and providing food
and refreshments. Our next sprint will be on **Django translation** on
September 22nd, 2010, starting at 18h30. Come and allow us to offer
Django to a broader community of developers. Only one week after that,
we'll host a sprint on the **Python packaging system**. Come and
frantically hack with us to empower Python with the best packaging
system out there. Both sprints will be a Google, 1253 McGill College
ave. suite \#250. **Attendance is limited to 20 sprinters so don't
forget to**[**RSVP on the wiki**][]**.**<!--:--><!--:fr-->Un des
avantages de vivre dans une ville trépidante comme Montréal est qu'il y
a des compagnies dynamiques comme Google qui peuvent augmenter la
synergie de notre communauté en hébergeant nos sprints dans une plus
grande salle avec de la pizza et des rafraichissements. On lance,
d'abord, un **sprint de traduction Django**, le 22 septembre 2010 à
18h30.  Venez contribuer à l'ouverture de Django à une plus large
communauté. Le second sprint portera sur le **packaging de Python**, le
29 septembre 2010 à 18h30. On travaille d'arrache-pied à faire notre
part pour que Python avec Distutils2 ait un meilleur système de
packaging. Les deux sprints seront  chez Google au 1253 Avenue McGill
College \#250 **Et surtout, les places sont limités alors n'oubliez pas
de vous inscrire sur notre**[**wiki**][**RSVP on the wiki**]**afin de
réserver votre place.**<!--:-->

  [**RSVP on the wiki**]: http://wiki.montrealpython.org/index.php/Sprints
