Title: Python Bug Day this Saturday in Montreal and on IRC
Date: 2012-10-29 15:25
Category: Montréal Python, Sprints

<!--:en-->

This Saturday, you have the opportunity of participating in the Python
Bug Day. How would you like to be one of the contributors of Python? If
you have ideas for improving parts of the official documentation, the
standard library, the language itself, or if you have a patch waiting
for a review that you would like to see committed, or if you just want
to come and fix an existing bug, it's your day!

Join us for an effort at closing some Python bugs and feature requests.
Get quick feedback on your patches and bugfixes, learn how to submit and
examine patches, and have fun chatting with the Python developers and
other contributors. You don’t need to know the CPython codebase or
process to join, just Python programming knowledge.

If you live in Montreal, come at Caravan to meet fellow hackers and take
part in a physical sprint! The address is 5334 de Gaspé; we'll be there
from 10:00 to 18:00.

**Please register at [http://mpbugday.eventbrite.ca/][]** to let us know
how many people to expect. People from around the world are welcome to
join the \#python-dev IRC channel to participate in the bug day.

This page contains all the information you need to get set up, see the
list of bugs or learn about IRC:
[http://wiki.python.org/moin/PythonBugDay][] If you need any help
beforehand, feel free to ask on [core-mentorship mailing-list][]

**Thanks to [Caravan][] for sponsoring us!**

<!--:--><!--:fr-->

Ce samedi, vous avez l'occasion de participer au Python Bug Day. Que
diriez-vous de devenir un des contributeurs de Python ? Si vous avez des
idées pour améliorer des parties de la documentation officielle, de la
bibliothèque standard ou du langage même, ou si vous voulez pousser pour
faire accepter un patch que vous avez déjà soumis, ou si vous avez juste
envie de corriger un bug existant, c'est votre chance !

Joignez-vous à nous pour corriger des bugs et ajouter des nouvelles
fonctionnalités à Python. Profitez de l’occasion pour recevoir des
relectures rapides de vos patchs, apprendre à créer et relire un patch,
et avoir du fun avec les développeurs et les autres contributeurs de
Python. Il n’est pas nécessaire de connaître le code ou le processus de
développement pour participer, il suffit de savoir programmer en Python.

Si vous habitez à Montréal, venez chez Caravan pour rencontrer d'autres
Pythoneux et prendre part avec nous au sprint! L'adresse est le 5334 de
Gaspé; nous y serons de 10h00 à 18h00.

**Merci de vous inscrire à
[http://mpbugday.eventbrite.ca][http://mpbugday.eventbrite.ca/]**, les
places sont limitées. Si vous ne pouvez pas vous déplacer ou que vous
n’avez pas la chance d’habiter à Montréal, vous êtes invités à rejoindre
le canal IRC \#python-dev pour participer.

Cette page contient tous les renseignements au sujet du code, des bugs
et d’IRC, en anglais: [http://wiki.python.org/moin/PythonBugDay][]
N’hésitez pas à poser vos questions en anglais sur
[core-mentorship][core-mentorship mailing-list] ou en français sur la
liste montreal-python.

**Merci à notre sponsor [Caravan][]!**

<!--:-->

</p>

  [http://mpbugday.eventbrite.ca/]: http://mpbugday.eventbrite.ca/
  [http://wiki.python.org/moin/PythonBugDay]: http://wiki.python.org/moin/PythonBugDay
  [core-mentorship mailing-list]: http://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/core-mentorship
  [Caravan]: http://caravan.coop/
