Title: Class for Women: Introduction to Programming with Python
Date: 2011-03-31 11:16
Category: Montréal Python, Tutorials/Workshops

<!--:en-->We are excited to announce the first ever *Introduction to
Programming with Python* class held in Montréal on May 3rd, 2011. This
class is intended for women, and is open to all, not just programmers.
The class is, as the title suggests, of an introductory nature, and will
consist of two parts. The first part introduces the fundamentals of
programming, as implemented in Python, and the second part will be a
hands-on session where you will get to take Python for a spin and bend
it to your will. See the wiki for [the outline and other information][].
The event is free to attend, but since there are space limitations,
please sign up using [the guest list][]. Also, please bring a laptop if
you can or make a pairing agreement beforehand. If you would like to
bring a male friend as a guest, by all means feel free. Looking forward
to seeing you there!<!--:--><!--:fr-->

Nous avons le plaisir d'annoncer que le tout premier atelier
d'*Initiation à la programmation avec Python* aura lieu à Montréal lundi
le 3 mai prochain. C'est un atelier à l'intention des femmes et il est
ouvert à tous, sans se limiter aux programmeurs. L'atelier, comme le
titre le suggère, ne demande pas de connaissances préalables de la
programmation et sera composé de deux volets. La première partie
établira les bases de la programmation telle qu'implantée en Python et
c'est lors de la seconde partie qu'on va mettre les mains à la pâte et
construire nos tous premiers programmes Python. Vous pouvez consulter le
wiki pour [le syllabus et autres informations][the outline and other
information]. Prenez note que cet atelier sera donné en Anglais.

L'événement est gratuit mais comme l'espace est limité, veuillez
réserver votre place sur [guestlist][the guest list]. Aussi, apporter un
ordinateur portable si c'est possible ou faites une entente de pairage
avec un autre participant avant l'événement. N'hésitez pas à inviter un
ami de sexe masculin.

Au plaisir de vous y voir!

<!--:-->

</p>

  [the outline and other information]: http://wiki.montrealpython.org/index.php/PythonIntroduction-2011-05-03
  [the guest list]: http://guestlistapp.com/events/51924
