Title: ConFoo and PyCon: end of early bird is near
Date: 2011-01-20 17:36
Category: Montréal Python

<!--:en-->PyCon and ConFoo published their schedule recently and now is
probably the time to decide where you're going to go because you have
until next week to benefit from the early bird rate at both conferences.
If you don't want to miss Raymond Hettinger showing us how to have [Fun
with Python's Newer Tools][], then get [your ticket for PyCon][] before
next Tuesday. On the other hand, if you want to see Blaise Laflamme give
an [Introduction to Pyramid][], then you should [register for ConFoo][]
before next Friday. Of course, those who are not faint of heath will
want to go to both conferences. Will you dare?<!--:--><!--:fr-->

PyCon et ConFoo ont publié leur horaire récemment et c'est probablement
le temps de décider où vous allez aller car le tarif pré-vente prend fin
la semaine prochaine dans les deux cas. Si vous ne voulez pas manquer
Raymond Hettinger sur comment avoir du [Fun avec les derniers outils de
Python][Fun with Python's Newer Tools], alors il faut [acheter vos
billets pour PyCon][your ticket for PyCon] avant mardi prochain. Si par
contre vous ne voulez pas manquer Blaise Laflamme et son [Introduction à
Pyramid][Introduction to Pyramid], alors vous avez jusqu'à vendredi
prochain pour vous [inscrire à ConFoo][register for ConFoo]. Bien
entendu, ceux qui n'ont pas froid aux yeux assisteront aux deux
conférences. Oserez-vous?

<!--:-->

</p>

  [Fun with Python's Newer Tools]: http://us.pycon.org/2011/schedule/sessions/261/
  [your ticket for PyCon]: http://us.pycon.org/2011/tickets/
  [Introduction to Pyramid]: http://confoo.ca/en/2011/session/introduction-a-pyramid
  [register for ConFoo]: http://confoo.ca/en/register
