Title: Vacation is over
Date: 2010-08-27 08:17
Author: Ygingras
Category: Montréal Python
Slug: vacation-is-over
Lang: en

<!--:en-->Montréal in September is an enthralling an time and place to
be part of. With so many universities, you can hardly walk three blocks
without bumping into a group of young persons dressed with their grand
parents' cloths and proudly holding signs announcing their initiation.
People moving in, shopping for books, meeting old friends in brew pubs,
typing on their laptop while sitting on a park bench. These parks,  are
slowly left behind as the weather cools down and as cafés fill up once
again. For us too, at Montréal-Python, the vacation must end and we have
to get back to work with new presentations and sprints. The preparation
for our next meeting is going well and we should be able to announce a
date soon. Beside that, we will have two sprints in September: one on
Django translation on 2010-09-22 and one on the Python Packaging System
on 2010-09-29. As usual, both will start at 6h30pm and will go on as
long as people are standing. The most likely location is the Brasseurs
Numériques' office but we have other options in our sight so wait for
some announcement later on to confirm the venue. **"What are these
sprints anyway?"**, you may ask. During a sprint, a bunch of hackers get
together and start working towards a common goal. You arrive there with
your laptop, you grab a drink from the fridge, most likely a beer but
other options are available, then you ask what everyone is working on.
At this point, you might decide to pair with someone else or you may
elect to work one some other aspect of the project, in which case you
let everyone know what your plans are. **"Why would I join the sprint
instead or working from home?"**, you probably wonder at this point.
Beside all the merriness that usually ensues from simpling having a
bunch of people sitting together with their favorite beverage, mine
being beer in case you are wondering, you will typically be much more
productive when you have many experts at hand to give you some help when
you get stuck. That or you get much less productive as you spend your
evening helping others to become super stars, just like you. "Wait, how
did you just do that?", you will probably ask at some point, "in Bash,
CTRL-r searches in your history" is the likely reply from your coach.
Sprints are like that; you learn new ways to be productive, not things
that you would read in books, but the kind of tips and tricks that makes
your life easier. **"What if I'm a total noob?"**, Well in that case we
don't want you. Just kidding. We want new comers at sprint because it's
the best place to teach them how to become self sufficient, and it's
much more effective to help them while sitting beside them then by
instructing them on a mailing list. We once had one guy come to a sprint
without having Python installed on his computer. When he left, he had
committed a unit test for distutils2. He is now a core Python
contributor. **"That's cool! Where do I sign up?"**, I'm glad you asked,
because venues that are good for sprinting are not very large and we
have to restrict participation accordingly. You can make sure that there
will be room for you by [signing-up on our wiki][]. If you can't attend
for one reason or the other, you can always work with us remotely and
coordinate by IRC, on \#montreal-python on irc.freenode.net. This is
what sprinting is all about, and this is why we do it. We hope to see
many new faces in our September sprints.

  [signing-up on our wiki]: http://wiki.montrealpython.org/index.php/Sprints
