Title: PyCon 2013 Ticket Sales Have Begun!
Date: 2012-09-21 10:20
Category: 2013, Conferences, Montréal Python, PyCon

<!--:en-->

Hi **Montréal-Python** Users!

The **PyCon organizers** are happy to announce that ticket sales for the
March 2013 conference have opened at
[https://us.pycon.org/2013/registration/][] ! Early bird rates are
available for the first 1000 purchases, which is a departure from
previous time-based systems. With **PyCon 2012** having been a quick
sell out, we're expecting this one to be the same. Keep in mind that
attendance is strictly limited to **2500**.

**PyCon 2013** is going back to Santa Clara, CA before heading up north
for two years in **Montreal, Quebec for 2014-15**. The event starts with
two days of tutorials on March 13, followed by three days of talks
starting March 15, and ends with four days of sprints starting March 18.

Individual and corporate ticket prices remain the same as they have been
for the last few years, with early bird rates of \$300 and \$450
respectively. The regular rates of \$350 and \$600 for individual and
corporate are still an incredible deal.

For 2013 we've reduced the cost to students by 50%, bringing the early
bird rate to \$100 with a regular rate of \$125. Providing a more
affordable conference experience for students is a priority for the
organizers and the *Python Software Foundation*, and we're hoping the
decrease helps bring more of them out.

We've also increased our financial aid program, and hope to assist more
attendees for **PyCon 2013**! You can apply for financial aid through
the [new consolidated form][]

We're still accepting proposals for talks and tutorials, with a deadline
of September 28. Poster proposals are accepted through January 15, 2013.
For more information, see [https://us.pycon.org/2013/speaking/cfp/][]

If your company is interested in sponsorship, we need you. Sponsors are
what make PyCon a possibility, and sponsorship offers some great values
to the generous organizations who support the conference. Check out
[https://us.pycon.org/2013/sponsors/whysponsor/][] to find out what you
get out of sponsorship, with a prospectus at
[https://us.pycon.org/2013/sponsors/prospectus/][]. Contact Jesse Noller
at [jnoller@python.org][] with any sponsorship inquiries.

Keep an eye out for news on our blog at [http://pycon.blogspot.com/][]
and follow us on twitter at [@pycon][]

<!--:--><!--:fr-->

Bonjour Membres de **Montréal-Python**!

Nous sommes heureux de vous annoncez que l'inscription pour la
conférence de mars 2013 vient de débuter à l'adresse suivante :
[https://us.pycon.org/2013/registration/register/][] ! Le prix « early
bird » est disponible pour les 1000 premières inscriptions seulement
(which is a departure from previous time-based systems.). À la vitesse
avec laquelle les billets pour **PyCon 2012** se sont vendus, nous
croyons que les billets seront épuisés aussi rapidement. Prenez note que
la limite est de 2500 inscriptions.

**PyCon 2013** retourne à Santa Clara, Californie pour une deuxième
année de suite, avant de prendre la route vers **Montréal, Quebec pour
l'édition 2014 et 2015**. L'évènement débute avec deux journées
d'ateliers à partir du 13 mars, suivi des trois jours de conférences
débutant le 15 mars. **PyCon** se conclura avec les habituels sprints du
18 au 21 mars.

Pour cette édition, nous sommes fiers d'avoir réduit le prix étudiant de
50%, ce qui donne un tarif « early bird » à seulement 100\$ et le tarif
normal à 125\$. Offrir une conférence accessible et abordable pour les
étudiants est l'une des priorités des organisateurs et de la *Python
Software Foundation*.

Nous sommes fier d'augmenter notre programme d'aide financière cette
année et nous espérons ainsi aider plus de gens à venir assiter à
**PyCon en 2013** ! Si vous désirez appliquer pour une aide financière,
utilisez le [nouveau formulaire unifié][]

Nous acceptons toujours des propositions de présentations et d'ateliers
jusqu'au 28 septembre 2012. Les propostions acceptées seront publiées le
15 janvier 2013. Pour plus d'informations rendez-vous à l'adresse
suivante : [https://us.pycon.org/2013/speaking/cfp/][].

De plus, si votre compagnie est intéressée à commanditer, nous avons
besoins de vous. C'est grace aux commanditaires que la tenue de
**PyCon** est rendu possible et la commandite offre de nombreux
avantages aux généreuses organisations qui supportent la conférence.
Allez jeter un coup d'oeil à
[https://us.pycon.org/2013/sponsors/whysponsor/][] afin d'en savoir plus
sur ce que vous obtiendrez avec la commandite, et au prospectus à
l'adresse [https://us.pycon.org/2013/sponsors/prospectus/][]. N'hésitez
pas à contacter Jesse Noller à [jnoller@python.org][] pour n'importe
quelle questions concernant les commandites.

Afin d'être informé des dernières nouvelles, n'oubliez pas de jeter un
oeil à notre blog à [http://pycon.blogspot.com/][] et de nous suivre sur
Twitter à [@pycon][].

<!--:-->

</p>

  [https://us.pycon.org/2013/registration/]: https://us.pycon.org/2013/registration/
  [new consolidated form]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/viewform?fromEmail=true&formkey=dGt4Z0dsY052VERJem4xUUFVQW9uQVE6MQ
  [https://us.pycon.org/2013/speaking/cfp/]: https://us.pycon.org/2013/speaking/cfp/
  [https://us.pycon.org/2013/sponsors/whysponsor/]: https://us.pycon.org/2013/sponsors/whysponsor/
  [https://us.pycon.org/2013/sponsors/prospectus/]: https://us.pycon.org/2013/sponsors/prospectus/
  [jnoller@python.org]: mailto:jnoller@python.org
  [http://pycon.blogspot.com/]: http://pycon.blogspot.com/
  [@pycon]: https://twitter.com/pycon
  [https://us.pycon.org/2013/registration/register/]: https://us.pycon.org/2013/registration/register/
  [nouveau formulaire unifié]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/viewformfromEmail=true&formkey=dGt4Z0dsY052VERJem4xUUFVQW9uQVE6MQ
