AESSUQAM on strike : Python Workshop in French postponed
########################################################
:date: 2012-02-23 17:14
:category: Montréal Python, Tutorials/Workshops

**Atelier 2012-02-27 : Python : notions plus avancées et exploitation de
l’API Twitter** This workshop in French, planned to be held at UQAM next
Monday, is postponed due to the strike voted yesterday by the
Association étudiante du secteur des sciences de l'UQAM (AESSUQAM). To
show support, Montréal-Python will respect this strike. The workshop
should be postponed in March, the exact date will be soon announced.
**However, the workshop in English, tonight at McGill, is maintained.**
See : `Workshop 2012-02-23 : Python : more advanced notions and use of
Twitter API.`_ Montréal-Python apologies for this situation and thanks
you for your comprehension. See you soon. Montréal-Python's
team**Atelier 2012-02-27 : Python : notions plus avancées et
exploitation de l’API Twitter** Cet atelier en français, prévu pour
lundi prochain à l'UQAM, est reporté en raison de la grève votée hier
par l'Association étudiante du secteur des sciences de l'UQAM
(AESSUQAM). En signe de soutien, Montréal-Python respectera la grève.
L'atelier devrait donc être reporté en mars, la date exacte vous sera
communiquée prochainement. **Cependant, l'atelier en anglais, ce soir à
McGill, est maintenu.** Voir : `Workshop 2012-02-23 : Python : more
advanced notions and use of Twitter API.`_ Montréal-Python s'excuse des
inconvénients et vous remercie de votre compréhension. À bientôt.
L'équipe de Montréal-Python

.. _`Workshop 2012-02-23 : Python : more advanced notions and use of
Twitter
API.`: http://montrealpython.org/r/projects/workshops/wiki/2012-02-23
