Title: Distutils2 sprint
Date: 2012-03-29 20:10
Category: Montréal Python, Packaging, Sprints

<!--:en-->Pythonistas, Distutils2 is looking for love, and you are the
group who are going to give it! The Montreal-Python user group is
hosting, on the 21st of April, a sprint in Montreal to work
on Distutils2 with Éric Araujo, Python core developer and distutils2
maintainer. Bring your laptop and your magic fingers, and we will
provide the food and the good times. No previous knowledge of Distutils2
required, just general Python skills. Distutils2 is the official
successor of distutils. It aims to be a better, more flexible and more
featureful packaging tool for Python authors, as well as a reusable
library for packaging tools developers. Distutils2 is included in the
Python 3.3 standard library under the name “packaging”, the module named
“distutils2” is the standalone backport for Python versions 2.5 to 2.7,
and 3.x. The first beta versions of Python 3.3 and Distutils2 are coming
in June, and we are planning a series of sprints to make it ready for
the release. A sprint is simply programmers meeting together
face-to-face to work on the same project. Previous sprints held in
Montreal have improved Distutils2, why don’t you come along for the next
one and put your mark on a Python release? The good folks at
Radialpoint have graciously provided us with space and free pizza. Come
join us on Saturday, the 21st of April, from 12pm to 7pm. The address
is: [2050 Bleury Street Suite 300][] Registration [here][] is preferable
but not required. For hacks and glory!<!--:--><!--:fr-->Pythoneux,
Distutils2 est en manque d'amour et vous êtes les mieux placés pour lui
en donner! Le groupe d’utilisateurs Montreal-Python organise un sprint à
Montréal afin de contribuer à Distutils2 sous l’égide d’Éric Araujo,
committeur Python et mainteneur de Distutils2, en ce beau 21 avril.
Amenez votre portable et vos doigts magiques, nous aurons de quoi
manger et passer un bon moment. Connaître Distutils2 n’est pas
pré-requis, il suffit de savoir programmer en Python. Distutils2 est le
successeur officiel de distutils. Son but est d’être un outil de
packaging qui soit meilleur, plus flexible et plus complet, ainsi qu’une
collection de modules réutilisables par des auteurs d’outils de
packaging tiers. Distutils2 fait partie de la bibliothèque standard à
compter de Python 3.3, sous le nom «packaging»; le module appelé
«distutils2» est un backport indépendant fourni pour les versions de
Python plus anciennes (2.5 à 2.7 et 3.x). Les premières versions béta de
Python 3.3 et Distutils2 sont prévues pour juin; nous planifions une
série de sprints pour rendre le code prêt à être publié. Un sprint est
simplement une rencontre face-à-face de programmeurs pour travailler sur
un même projet. Les sprints précédent à Montréal ont été bénéfiques
pour Distutils2, alors pourquoi ne pas venir participer au prochain et
laisser votre marque sur une version de Python? Le monde de Radialpoint
nous offre gracieusement une salle et de la pizza. Soyez des nôtres le
samedi 21 avril de 12h à 19h. L'adresse est le: [2050 rue de Bleury
Suite 300][2050 Bleury Street Suite 300] Vous êtes invité à vous
pré-inscrire [ici][here], mais c'est certainement pas obligatoire. Pour
la gloire et le code!<!--:-->

  [2050 Bleury Street Suite 300]: http://g.co/maps/cuaxc
  [here]: http://www.eventbrite.ca/event/3261945567
