Title: MontrealPython1 : great turnout, a lot of fun…
Date: 2008-02-09 15:40
Author: Arach
Category: Montréal Python
Tags: Akoha, meetup, Montreal Python, Standout Jobs
Slug: montrealpython1-great-turnout-a-lot-of-fun
Lang: en

MontrealPython1 was a lot of fun and the turnout was great, reaching 38
at one point! Many thanks to [StandoutJobs][]for welcoming us in their
office, [Akoha][] for the refreshments and especially the help putting
together the event. Thanks to [Savoir-Faire Linux][] and Yannick
Gingras, we filmed the event (we'll put up the presentation videos as
soon as possible). Special thanks to our first presenter [David
Goodger][] for his excellent presentation on PolyForm puzzlers and the
[dancing links algorithm][]. David is [PyCon 2008][]'s Chair. It's going
to be held in Chicago in March and from the looks of it, Montreal will
be represented very well. Special thanks to [Heri][] who invited
Montreal pythonistas to [Blitzweekend][], an event where "where
designers, developers, and entrepreneurs are challenged to create a
working product in 48 hours". [Austin Hill][] also spoke of the origins
of the MontrealPython, giving well-deserved credit to [Barcamp][]and
[MontrealOnRails][] for taking the lead in Montreal. As I noted, were it
not for Austin's support MontrealPython1 might have been held in my
apartment :) . [Éric St-Jean][] had the closing words, talking about
things to come for MontrealPython, highlighting the format for upcoming
events and our desire to have both advanced and beginners presentations.
Missing was [Simon Law][],  who also helped putting the event together.
Here's a couple of posts about MontrealPython1 : [Juan][] , [MTW][].
Finally, if you put up pictures on flickr, please tag them with
[MontrealPython][] or MontrealPython1 :) Thanks to all those who came or
intended to come. Arach --- MontrealPython1 a été un succès et la
participation a surpassé le nombre de gens inscrits (on a compté 38
participants pendant la première présentation). Je dois remercier
[StandoutJobs ][StandoutJobs] pour nous avoir accueilli dans leur
bureaux, [Akoha][] pour nous avoir offert de la liqueur, qqch à
grignotter et surtout pour avoir aidé à organiser la soirée. Merci aussi
à [Savoir-Faire Linux][] et Yannick Gingras pour nous avoir aidé à
filmer les présentations (on va les diffuser dès que possible). Un merci
spécial à [David Goodger][] pour son excellente présentation sur les
PolyForm puzzlers. David est responsable de l'organisation de [PyCon
2008][] qui aura lieu à Chicago en mars. De ce que nous avons pu voir,
Montréal y sera bien représenté. Merci aussi à [Heri][] qui a invité les
membres de notre communauté à participer à [Blitzweekend][],  "an event
where designers, developers, and entrepreneurs are challenged to create
a working product in 48 hours". [Austin Hill][] a aussi parlé des
origines de MontrealPython, mentionnant notamment [MontrealOnRails][]
qui a pris l'initiative de tenir des rencontres l'an dernier et dont le
succès est un précurseur de MontréalPython. Comme je l'ai noté, si ce
n'était du support d'Austin pour MontrealPython , l'événnement aurait pu
être tenu dans mon appartement :). [Éric St-Jean][] a conclu le tout en
parlant des choses à venir pour MontrealPython, parlant notamment de
notre volonté d'offrir à la fois des présentations sur des sujets
avancées et d'autres accessibles pour les novices. [Simon Law][], nous a
aussi aidé et son absence du à un voyage n'empêche que je le remercie
pour son aide dans l'organisation de la soirée. Deux récapitulations de
la soirée trouvés sur le web: [Juan][] , [MTW][]. Si vous avez des
photos, veuillez les mettre sur flickr avec le tag [MontrealPython][] ou
MontrealPython1 :) Merci à tous ceux qui sont venus (et ceux qui avaient
l'intention de venir). Arach

  [StandoutJobs]: http://standoutjobs.com "Standout Jobs"
  [Akoha]: http://akoha.org "Akoha"
  [Savoir-Faire Linux]: http://www.savoirfairelinux.com/
    "Savoir-Faire Linux"
  [David Goodger]: http://python.net/~goodger/ "David Goodger"
  [dancing links algorithm]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dancing_Links
    "Dancing Links Algorithm (DLX)"
  [PyCon 2008]: http://us.pycon.org/2008/about/ "PyCon 2008"
  [Heri]: http://montrealtechwatch.com/ "Montreal Tech Watch"
  [Blitzweekend]: http://blitzweekend.com/ "BlitzWeekEnd"
  [Austin Hill]: http://www.billionswithzeroknowledge.com/
    "Austin Hill's blog"
  [Barcamp]: http://barcampmontreal.org "BarCampMontreal"
  [MontrealOnRails]: http://montrealonrails.com "Montreal On Rails"
  [Éric St-Jean]: http://wwd.ca/ "Eric St-Jean"
  [Simon Law]: http://sfllaw.livejournal.com/ "Simon Law"
  [Juan]: http://jdilelle.wordpress.com/2008/02/08/back-to-montreal-with-python-fun/
    "Juan's blog"
  [MTW]: http://montrealtechwatch.com/2008/02/08/montrealpython1-gathers-local-python-community/
    "Montreal Tech Watch"
  [MontrealPython]: http://flickr.com/search/?q=montrealpython+&m=tags
    "Montreal Python on Flickr"
