Django translation sprint #5 on 2010-06-28
##########################################
:date: 2010-06-16 21:00
:category: Django, Montréal Python, Sprints

Django 1.2 has been released and then 1.2.1. The project moves on and so
will be our translation effort. Montréal-Python is organizing a next
sprint on 2010-06-28 at Google’s office: 1253 McGill College suite 250
We warmly thank `Agence universitaire de la Francophonie`_ for
supporting the event with food and drinks for every participants. The
sprint begins at 18h and ends once everyone is too tired to type. Bring
your own laptop or make an arrangement for pairing on the mailing list
beforehand. We only have 12 seats; use the `wiki`_ to RSVP. If you can’t
join us physically, you can still participate on IRC, on
#montreal-python on irc.freenode.net.

Django 1.2 est sortie puis la 1.2.1. Le projet va de l'avant alors notre
effort de traduction aussi. Montréal-Python organise un prochain sprint
le 2010-06-28 chez Google:

1253 McGill College, bureau 250

Nous tenons à remercier l’`Agence universitaire de la Francophonie`_ qui
supporte l’événement en nous offrant la bouffe et les rafraîchissements.

Le sprint commence à 18h et se termine quand tout le monde sera épuisé.
Apportez un ordinateur portable ou faites un arrangement pour du pairage
sur la liste de diffusion. Il n’y a que 12 places de disponibles;
réservez la vôtre sur le `wiki`_. Si vous ne pouvez nous rejoindre, vous
pouvez tout de même participer par IRC, sur #montreal-python sur
irc.freenode.net.

.. raw:: html

   </p>

.. _Agence universitaire de la Francophonie: http://www.auf.org
.. _wiki: http://wiki.montrealpython.org/index.php/Translation_of_Django_5
