Title: Django Workshop at UQAM on 2011-12-01
Date: 2011-11-25 11:27
Category: Montréal Python, Tutorials/Workshops

<!--:en-->Montreal-Python and the UQAM Computer Science Student
Association (AGEEI) are proud to present their very first French open
attendance Django Workshop. Last week, we introduced Python through a
dynamic workshop and we will now dive head first in web development
using the Django Python framework. You only need to have a basic
knowledge of the Python language in order to participate (if you have
assisted to our first workshop, you're good to go). The evening will be
animated by Davin Baragiotta of Agence Universitaire de la Francophonie
(AUF) and will be split up in two parts: \* Web development with Python
and Django: an overview of a typical project architecture \* Street
Hockey League: we will be working on a little sample Django project The
workshop will be next Thursday, on December 1st at the Sherbrooke
building of UQAM, room SH-R810 from 6h30pm to 9pm. More info can be
found about the event at:
[http://montrealpython.org/r/projects/workshop-uqam-2011-12-01/wiki][]
Pizza, coffee and soft drinks will be provided. We would like to thank
our sponsors: [Ludia][] and [Savoir-faire Linux][] for helping us
organize this event. Please bring yourself, a laptop and your sense of
humor! Please have Python 2.7 (or \>= 2.5) and Django 1.3.1 installed.
For installation instructions :
[http://montrealpython.org/r/projects/workshop-uqam-2011-12-01/wiki][]
If you bump into any issue during the installation, don't panic, we will
be in room SH-R810 starting at 5:30pm to help you setup your laptop for
the workshop, whatever OS you are running. To register, please confirm
your presence on our guest list:
[http://guestli.st/79653][]<!--:--><!--:fr-->Montréal-Python et
l'Association générale des étudiants et étudiantes en informatique
(AGEEI) de l'UQAM sont fiers d'annoncer la tenue du premier atelier
Django ouvert à tous, en français. Un atelier d'introduction à Python a
eu lieu la semaine dernière, nous nous frotterons maintenant au
développement web en Python avec le framework Django. Seulement une
connaissance minimale du langage de programmation Python est attendue
(avoir assisté à l'atelier Python est suffisant). Cette soirée sera
animé par Davin Baragiotta de l'Agence Universitaire de la Francophonie
(AUF) et se déroulera en deux parties: \* Le développement web en Python
avec Django : tour de l'architecture d'un projet \* Ligue de hockey
cosom : coder sur un petit projet Django L'atelier se déroulera jeudi
prochain, le 1er décembre au pavillon Sherbrooke de l'UQAM, local
SH-R810 de 18h30 à 21h. Toutes les informations relatives à cet
événement sont accessibles sur :
[http://montrealpython.org/r/projects/workshop-uqam-2011-12-01/wiki][]
De la pizza, du café et des boissons gazeuses seront offerts. Merci à
nos commanditaires [Ludia][] et [Savoir-faire Linux][] de nous aider à
organiser cet événement. Nous vous demandons d'apporter votre personne,
votre humour ainsi que votre portable. Nous vous demandons d'installer
Python 2.7 (ou \>= 2.5) et Django 1.3.1. Pour les instructions
d'installation :
[http://montrealpython.org/r/projects/workshop-uqam-2011-12-01/wiki][]
Si vous rencontrez un problème lors des installations, pas de panique,
nous serons au SH-R810 à partir de 17h30 afin de vous aider à configurer
votre portable pour l'atelier, quelque soit la plate-forme. Pour vous
inscrire, veuillez nous confirmer votre présence sur guestlist:
[http://guestli.st/79653][]<!--:-->

  [http://montrealpython.org/r/projects/workshop-uqam-2011-12-01/wiki]: http://montrealpython.org/r/projects/workshop-uqam-2011-12-01/wiki
  [Ludia]: http://ludia.com
  [Savoir-faire Linux]: http://savoirfairelinux.com
  [http://guestli.st/79653]: http://guestli.st/79653
