Title: Montréal-Ouvert Hackathon: tomorrow
Date: 2011-11-18 10:10
Category: Montréal Python

<!--:en-->

Tomorrow is the Montréal-Ouvert Hackathon and we will play with plenty
of open data. Don't forget to register on the eventbrite page, there are
still some places available:

[http://montrealouvert.eventbrite.com/][]

At our last meeting, we came up with 3 different projects. Feel free to
join us on these projects or to start your own one. In the mean time,
here is a brief description of what we would like to do:

**Air and Water Quality**

Create an automated twitter feed that will publish alerts on bad
environmental conditions on the island of Montreal in real-time by
monitoring air and water quality information published by the city.

**Montréal Photos 2.0**

Improve Montrealphotos.org with semantics information by crowd sourcing.
Those information include more accurate geotags and datetags, links to
relevant websites (wikipedia?) and tags. And then make it social!

**Recreation Montreal**

Centralized all the informations about the different recreation activies
available in Montreal and then, allowing the citizens to enjoy their
pools, their ski trails and all what they need to have fun in their city
in a pythonic way.

*For Hacks and glory*

<!--:--><!--:fr-->

Demain aura lieu le Hackathon de Montréal-Ouvert et nous allons nous
amusez avec des données ouvertes. N'oubliez pas de réserver votre place
sur le eventbrite, il reste encore quelques places disponibles:

[http://montrealouvert.eventbrite.com/][]

Lors de notre dernière rencontre nous avons décidé de nous concentrer
sur 3 projets, n'hésitez pas à venir nous rejoindre, et il y aussi
toujours de la place pour d'autres.

Entre temps, voici une mini description de ce que nous voudrions
accomplir demain:

**Qualité de l'air et de l'eau**

Créer un feed twitter automatisé qui alerterai sur les mauvaises
condition environnementale sur l'île de Montréal en temps réel en fesant
la suivie de sites de la ville publiant la qualité de l'air et de l'eau.

**Montréal Photos 2.0**

Améliorer le concept de Montrealphotos.org avec des informations
sémantiques par crowdsourcing: localisation et datation plus précis,
lien vers des sites web pertinents, et tags classiques. Ensuite on
ajoute une dimension sociale!

**Loisirs Montreal**

Centraliser les informations sur les loisirs à Montréal et ainsi
permettre aux citoyens de profiter des leurs piscines, les pistes de ski
et de tous ce qu'il faut pour s'amuser en ville pythoniquement.

*Pour la gloire et les hacks*

<!--:-->

</p>

  [http://montrealouvert.eventbrite.com/]: http://montrealouvert.eventbrite.com/
