Title: Volunteering through technology
Date: 2011-11-13 21:06
Category: Montréal Python, Sprints

<!--:en-->How does a developer change the world? One function at a time.
This December the Notman House gives you a chance to join likeminded
others and hack for a greater good. The event is Random Hacks of
Kindness and it will be hosted this December 3rd and 4th. On the first
day, Montreal participants will be presented real-life problems by
representatives of Médecins Sans Frontières and the LIRNEasia think
tank. Once a problem chosen, your team will then have two days to create
a solution. In this feat you will not be alone. Thousands of people
world wide will be participating in [30 sister events][] along with you.
Participants in other cities will work on solutions to the problems of
their community or their organization. Here in Montreal, I (Dimitry
Zolotaryov) am looking for team-mates to represent Montreal-Python.
Developers, designers, engineers and social media people are all
welcome. Send me a message if you're interested in being part of an
enthusiastic team: dimitry@webit.ca. This is your chance to hack for
good. Won't you accept the challenge? Register Here:
[http://mtlrhok.eventbrite.com/?srnk=1][] Event Page:
[http://www.rhok.org/event/montr%C3%A9al-canada][] Past Problems:
[http://www.rhok.org/problems][]<!--:--><!--:fr-->Comment améliorer le
monde avec la programmation? Une fonction a la fois. Relevez ce défi
lors de l’événement *Random Hacks of Kindness* le 3 et 4 Décembre
prochain à La Maison Notman. Lors de la première journée de l'événement,
un porte parole de l'ONG Médecins Sans Frontières exposera différents
problèmes réels qu’ils rencontrent dans leur domaine. Une fois un
problème choisi, votre l'équipe aura deux jours pour trouver une
solution et la programmer. Vous ne serrez pas seul lors de ce défi. Des
milliers de personnes du monde entier participeront en parallèle à
l'événement dans plus de 30 villes. Leurs tâches: trouver des solutions
aux défis de leur communauté et leur entreprise. Pour l'évènement à
Montréal, je (Dimitry Zolotaryov) cherche un équipe de développeurs,
designers, ingénieurs et des spécialistes en médias sociaux pour
représenter Montréal-Python. Si vous êtes intéressés a faire partie
d'une équipe dynamique et professionnelle, contactez-moi a l’adresse
suivante: dimitry@webit.ca C'est une excellente opportunité de mettre à
l'épreuve vos capacités. Êtes-vous prêts à relever le défi?
Inscriptions: [http://mtlrhok.eventbrite.com/?srnk=1][] Site de
l'événement: [http://www.rhok.org/event/montr%C3%A9al-canada][]
Problèmes antérieurs: [http://www.rhok.org/problems][]<!--:-->

  [30 sister events]: http://www.rhok.org/events
  [http://mtlrhok.eventbrite.com/?srnk=1]: http://mtlrhok.eventbrite.com/?srnk=1
  [http://www.rhok.org/event/montr%C3%A9al-canada]: http://www.rhok.org/event/montr%C3%A9al-canada
  [http://www.rhok.org/problems]: http://www.rhok.org/problems
