Title: Montréal-Python 30: Nootropic Nutrients
Date: 2012-05-28 21:10
Category: Montréal Python

<!--:en-->

If you listen to mainstream media and notorious market analysts, you are
lead to believe that simply using Python is enough to make you deliver
code ten times faster.

Obviously, this simplistic view of the world fails to take into account
the [constant battle][] with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service in the
Everglades but most of all, it fails to take into account that the
Python language itself is a very small contribution compared to the
tools and the body of knowledge shared within the community.

Of course, we all understand that development is more than just writing
code. On June 12th, Montréal-Python is going to celebrate our unwritten
lore with Nootropic Nutrients, a meeting on the Best Practices and tools
in the Python world.

Can you claim a ten-fold speedup compared to developement with
traditional languages? Do you have hard-won secrets that you would like
to share? Come and tell us about your tools and stategies for
efficiently and consistently delivering your projects on time.

We are looking for speakers for presentations ranging from 5 minutes to
40 minutes. If you are interested, send us an email to
[mtlpyteam@googlegroups.com][] with a short description of your talk.

The meeting will follow the usual schedule, starting around 6:30pm and
moving to the pub for the follow-up discussions around 8:30pm.

<!--:--><!--:fr-->

À en croire les médias de masse et certains analystes du marché, on
penserait qu’il suffit d’utiliser Python pour livrer ses projets dix
fois plus vite. Bien évidemment, cette vision du monde simpliste échoue
à prendre en compte la [lutte constante][constant battle] avec le
service américain de la faune sauvage et aquatique dans les Everglades
mais surtout, elle passe sous silence le fait que Python, le langage,
n’est qu’un participant mineur d'un écosystème d'outils et du bagage de
connaissances partagés par la communauté.

Bien sûr, nous sommes tous d’accord pour dire que le développement
dépasse la simple écriture de code. Le 12 juin, Montréal-Python va
célébrer ces savoirs oraux avec Nutriments Nootropiques, une réunion sur
les bonnes pratiques et les outils associés dans le monde Python.

Pouvez-vous vous faire fort d’avoir accéléré votre développement d’un
facteur de dix comparé aux langages traditionnels? Avez-vous des secrets
durement gagnés que vous voudriez partager? Venez participer et nous
parler de vos outils et techniques pour livrer vos projets à temps de
façon efficace et constante.

Nous sommes à la recherche de présentateurs pour des créneaux de 5 à 40
minutes. Si cela vous intéresse, envoyez-nous une courte description de
votre présentation à [mtlpyteam@googlegroups.com][].

La réunion suivra le plan habituel: le début est à 18h30 et un
déplacement vers un lieu festif pour continuer les discussions librement
aura lieu vers 20h30.

<!--:-->

</p>

  [constant battle]: http://www.usatoday.com/tech/science/environment/story/2012-01-30/pythons-florida-everglades/52893342/1
  [mtlpyteam@googlegroups.com]: mailto:mtlpyteam@googlegroups.com
